Before you start working on our project and our implementation list as we drove by that if we have everything
set up and everything is in place.
So let's first verify that we have the python installation.
So let's just type in Python 3.6.
And here we go.
We have the Python 3 that 6.5 interpreter coming into us with the command line with the terminal on
Mac OS.
So let's just exit from there and let's just rarified that we have the J-ws CLID configured as we expected.
And if we try to execute the AWOS configure command we're going to see that the last part of our AWOS
accessory that we just couldn't figure out.
And if I hit enter and keep it that way I'm going to see the last part of the secret access key again
and then I'm going to see the central one region that just I sent I said from the previous lecture.
And if I hit enter again I'm going to see the default format for all put is Jaser.
So we have our AWOS Selye a double U.S. secret key in the Access Key is configured as we expected.
So let's just verify that we have the both of 3 library installed on our Python.
So to do that I'm going to say pay up 3.6 and Shaw.
Also free and as you can see we have the $1.7 to version of both of three library.
And it says the A W-S web services and the Python package manager AWOS SDK for Python.
So we have everything in place and we are now ready to work with our Python project on AWOS resources
like BPC and E.S. to.